Improve installer docs (#5541)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/install.md

Note however the support for cloud services e.g. AWS, Seqera Platform, Wave, etc. still require the download
of the corresponding Nextflow plugins.

To use the standalone distribution:

1. Download it from the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/nextflow-io/nextflow/releases), under the "Assets" section for a specific

2. Grant execution permissions to the downloaded file e.g.

    ```
    chmod -x nextflow-24.10.1-dist
    ```

> 3. Then you can use it as a drop-in replacement for `nextflow` command, e.g.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Then you can use it as a drop-in replacement for `nextflow` command. For example:
```
